JULIA MORRISSEY   
Providence, RI • morrissj13@gmail.com • 401-477-9861 • /in/juliamorrissey1/


SUMMARY

Marketing strategy leader with 8+ years of experience across agency and in-house environments, building, scaling, and leading integrated marketing programs that secured 33K earned media placements, grew monthly organic traffic to 1.4M, increased page-one and AI rankings by 435%, grew a social media audience to 100K+ followers, and contributed to a $40M exit.
EXPERIENCE

HOMEFIELD	Remote
Head of Content Strategy & Insights	2022-2026
Built, scaled, and managed programs for a 20+ brand venture studio, contributing to a $40M exit for one brand.
Built AI-assisted workflows and scalable operating processes that doubled team output while improving quality and consistency. 
Conceived and led 450+ integrated marketing campaigns, transforming proprietary data into high-impact initiatives, working cross-functionally, and driving continuous experimentation and optimization to maximize results.
Identified emerging market trends and audience interests to uncover high-potential campaign opportunities and inform strategy.
Secured 33,000+ earned media placements, averaging 72 placements/campaign, including 1,500+ placements in top-tier publications, such as The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal, CNN, Bloomberg, CNBC, Fortune, and The Boston Globe.
Increased monthly organic traffic to 1.4M, and improved AEO by developing highly citable content, strengthening topical authority, and optimizing for evolving search behaviors.
Sourced and analyzed proprietary data, determined which insights to feature, and translated them into conversion-focused landing page and integrated marketing copy; contributed to email marketing and wrote and designed TikTok ad creative.
Managed a team of 3. Leveraged MarTech stack and project management tools to ensure timely delivery and accurate reporting.  

NEWSTORE	 Boston, MA
Content Marketing Manager 	2022-2022
Built and executed a full-funnel B2B SEO content marketing strategy; worked cross-functionally to produce high-converting assets.
Drove a 1,150% increase in organic website traffic and 1,770% increase in organic traffic value in five months.
Led SEO keyword research, competitive analysis, and content audits to refresh and improve content and sharpen messaging.

HOMEFIELD	 Remote
Content Marketing Manager	2021-2022
Identified an opportunity to reposition an underperforming digital PR initiative as a core growth channel, launching high-impact campaigns that drove earned media placements and high-authority backlink acquisition across multiple domains.
Built the operational foundation for scale, creating repeatable systems for program expansion across a portfolio of brands.

SIEGE MEDIA	New York, NY
Content Marketing Specialist	2020-2021
Executed content and SEO strategies for B2B/B2C clients, increasing monthly organic traffic by 200% and traffic value by $250K.
Managed content production across blogs, link-building campaigns, and digital PR initiatives; generated 30+ media placements per month at a 15% placement rate; advised clients on strategy; managed writers and designers to produce high-quality assets. 

JSTOR	New York, NY
Outreach Associate	2015-2017
Managed CRM operations, sales reporting, and customer communications while leveraging account data to identify upsell opportunities, develop executive-ready presentations, and support customer retention and revenue growth.

NONPROFIT & COMMUNITY LEADERSHIP

PAWS NEW ENGLAND, Marketing Lead	2022-Current
Increased the nonprofit’s social media audience 30% and CTR 32% YoY; optimized the funnel, increasing adoption applications by 14% and reducing avg. time to adoption 38% YoY; developing a lifecycle email marketing program with audience segmentation.
NO ANIMAL INGREDIENTS, Founder	2013-2020
Built and scaled a mission-driven content platform to 100K+ social media followers, translating complex issues into accessible, engaging content. Collaborated with other creators, appeared on podcasts, and developed an educational website.
EDUCATION

COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY, M.S., Nonprofit Management, Marketing & Communications	2019
LAFAYETTE COLLEGE, B.S., Economics & Business 	
SKILLS

Project Management · Marketing Strategy · Content Operations · Cross-Functional Leadership · Research & Insights · SEO/AEO · Performance Analytics · Content Marketing · Earned Media · Communications ·  Writing/Editing · AI/LLMs · MarTech
